I’m working on a project called EasySplit. The repo is already open in this Repl. Please do the following changes for me without breaking the existing React app or Firebase setup.

Project context (important):

The frontend is a React/Vite app inside the client/ folder.

The backend is Express in server/.

Firebase Hosting is already configured via firebase.json in the project root.

Do not delete or move any existing files related to client/, server/, or the build process.

1. Create a dedicated landing page for “Under Construction”

Create a new folder in the project root called: landing

Inside landing/, create a file: index.html

Build a standalone HTML page (no React, no JS build step) that:

Uses modern, clean styling with embedded <style> in the <head>.

Centers a card or hero in the middle of the screen.

Has the product name: EasySplit.

Has a short tagline like: “Split the bill without the drama.”

Includes a nice short description of what the app does, for example:

EasySplit lets you share one simple link for a group bill.

People tap the link, select their items from the menu, and the app calculates a fair split automatically.

It’s designed for restaurant bills, takeaway, or any shared cost.

Add 3–4 bullet points or short lines that highlight benefits like:

No awkward math at the table

Everyone pays only for what they had

Works from a simple shared link

Designed for groups, dates, and friends

At the bottom of the page, add a small footer line that says:
“Web app by FinaFeels”
(make “FinaFeels” styled a little like a brand name – maybe lighter colour or small caps).

Make sure the page looks good on both desktop and mobile:

Use responsive layout

Comfortable padding

A simple, modern font (system font is fine)

Slightly dark or muted background with a card in the middle.

You can write all the CSS directly in a <style> block in index.html.

2. Set up two Firebase Hosting config files (landing vs real app)

Right now there is a firebase.json in the root. I want to use two different config files so I can deploy either:

an Under Construction landing page, or

the real built app,

without editing the config every time.

Please:

Look at the current firebase.json and see how Hosting is configured now (especially the hosting section, public value, and rewrites).

Create two new config files in the project root:

firebase.landing.json

firebase.live.json

In firebase.landing.json, configure Hosting so that:

The hosting.public directory is "landing".

No special rewrites are necessary beyond just serving landing/index.html as the root.

The structure should look like:

{
  "hosting": {
    "public": "landing"
  }
}


If there are other non-hosting parts in the original firebase.json that are required (like emulators or similar), include them too so nothing important is lost.

In firebase.live.json, configure Hosting to serve the real built app:

Set hosting.public back to whatever was used for the built React app before (most likely "dist/public").

Preserve the existing SPA rewrite rule so that all routes point to /index.html (for the React router). For example:

{
  "hosting": {
    "public": "dist/public",
    "rewrites": [
      { "source": "**", "destination": "/index.html" }
    ]
  }
}


Again, if there are any additional top-level fields in the original firebase.json (emulators, etc.), copy them into both config files as appropriate.

Leave the existing firebase.json in place but update it to match one of these configs (you can default it to the landing version if you want). The key thing is:

I can deploy the landing page with:
firebase deploy --config firebase.landing.json --only hosting

I can deploy the real app with:
firebase deploy --config firebase.live.json --only hosting

Please show me the final contents of:

landing/index.html

firebase.landing.json

firebase.live.json

and firebase.json (if you change it),
so I can verify they look correct.

Do not remove or change anything in client/ or server/ except if it’s absolutely necessary, and don’t break the existing build scripts. I still need to be able to build the React app from client/ and host it using the live Firebase config later.

That’s everything – please apply these changes now.